Hello and welcome to the first module of this course self-driving car.
Now that you have a torch and can be installed on your system.
We are ready to start implementing the self-driving car and I can tell you we have an exciting adventure
ahead of us.
So the first thing we're going to do now before we start is set the right for those working directory.
That's very important because we are going to have three files to implement this car and all the cars
are connected to each other.
So when you execute the file it will take that classes functions and objects from another file and this
other file has to be in the same working directory as the file that you're executing.
That's why it's very important to have one simple there with all the files and that is your working
directory folder.
So let's just get this done.
And then we will be able to start.
So first thing you do is go to 5 4 here.
That's this window.
And then you will probably be on your desktop.
So right now you can see them on my desktop or maybe even your documents.
But anyway you have to find the folder that contains your artificial intelligence.
It is that template folder that you downloaded from the Web site that will walk you through it.
So just find this folder then open it from file explorer then go to module one self-driving car and
then there you go.
This Mudgal one cell shopping cart folder contains three files that's the three files that are connected
to each other to implement not only the self-driving car on the map but also the brain of the car that
is the AI that will be integrated to the car.
And so this folder containing these three files is your working directory folder.
And now to make sure that this folder is set it's working directory.
You can click on the two button here and then restart kernel.
Then you can click on yes and there you go.
Now you are sure 100 percent that this for the content in your three files is that as a working directory.
OK.
And so now before we start I would just like to explain quickly what are these three valves.
So as you probably recognized the first one here.
Why is the file that contains the brain of the car.
So you know that's in this file that will implement the artificial intelligence that will be integrated
to the card.
So that's why I'm calling it the brain of the car because this artificial intelligence is based on a
neural network.
So it will be like your car will have a neural network inside of it.
That's why electrical brain.
Then the second file here is occasionally found car that Katie and you cannot open in here inspirer.
But you can open it from a text editor and actually that's what I'm going to do right now.
I'm opening it with subcontext.
There we go.
That is subline text and this is this card that cavy fell open and subcontext.
For those of you who are on Windows you can open it with notepad plus plus.
So here is what the character looks like.
We're not going to focus on it in this course because this is only related to KDE but basically to understand
what's going on here.
Well as you can see we create several objects that will be on the map.
So for example this first object here is the car and for this car you can find some valuables like the
angle that is the angle of rotation.
Then you can define the shape that you want your car to have.
So this will be a rectangle like the basic shape of a car.
Then you have some other objects will want to involve three.
So these three balls here will be as you will see later the sensors of the car because the car will
have sensors that will detect if there is some obstacles around the car.
So these rebels here are just to highlight the sensors on the car.
So we will see them and besides I set a different color for each of them.
And then we have a last object which is to connect all the previous objects together to make the car
because the sensors will be attached to the car so that when the car moves well the sensor moves as
well.
All right but this is not the most important here so we are going to move on to Boston.
This is just to show you what cable looks like.
And this Fall of course will be connected to our other files.
And mostly it will be connected to the third file.
Not that way which is this one right here in Nevada.
Why what is it.
Well this is where we make the whole map and also the whole game because you will see that we'll be
playing some games with the car.
You know we will give it some challenges like avoiding some obstacles or doing some round trips between
two destinations on a more and more difficult road.
So we will make a game and that game happens in this big fall here.
So this fall is important therefore we're going to see it in details.
However since this is not directly related to AA I will not go to it line by line.
I will just explain each line of code.
Besides the template for that you'll find the same code as this one but commented.
So each line of code will be tormented.
So that's if you're interested in knowing how to develop a game within the application.
Well you will be able to understand anything that we do here.
But what's important also is that not only we make the map in the game but also we make some important
connections between the map and the future that he will implement afterwards.
And by the way this is much more important and therefore we will implement it step by step.
We will write together each of these lines of code.
But for the math I will just describe all the code sections here and that's what I will do in the next
section right after this tutorial.
I think the next two tutorials are important for you to understand the connection between the map and
the AI.
All right so I will be explaining all this in the next tutorial.
And until then I.